README.md, before:



<img src="https://i.imgur.com/jrQX0Of.gif" width=250> 

# node-Peafowl
Native Node Bindings for the [Peafowl DPI Library](https://github.com/DanieleDeSensi/Peafowl) 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/libpeafowl/node-peafowl/issues)

## About
Peafowl is a flexible and extensible DPI framework which can be used to identify the application protocols carried by IP (IPv4 and IPv6) packets and to extract and process data and metadata carried by those protocols. This module allows NodeJS projects to leverage the power of Peafowl for Deep-Packet Inspection of live and recorded network traffic.

### Installation
```
var peaFowl = require('node-peafowl')
```

##### Custom Build
The install script will automatically attempt compiling peafowl and building node gyp bindings
```
npm install
```

#### Functions
| function  | parameters  |  description | 
|---|---|---|
| pfw_init  | void  |  Initialize the library for statefull env |
|  pfw_terminate | void  | Teardown the library |
| pfw_get_protocol_l4  | struct pcap_pkthdr *, header  | Dissect and return Protocol name as char * (l4) |
| pfw_get_protocol_l7  | struct pcap_pkthdr *, header  | Dissect and return Protocol name as char * (l7) |
| pfw_get_protocol_pair  | struct pcap_pkthdr *, header  | Dissect and return Protocol Pair (l4,l7) |

### Usage
See our fully working [Example](https://github.com/lmangani/node-peafowl/tree/master/example) using PCAP files

<br/>
<br/>

### Credits & Acknowledgements

Peafowl has been mainly developed by [Daniele De Sensi](https://github.com/DanieleDeSensi)

Node-Peafowl is developed by [L. Mangani](https://github.com/lmangani), [M. Campus](https://github.com/kYroL01) using the awesome [NAPI-macros](https://github.com/mafintosh/napi-macros) by [Mathias Buus](https://github.com/mafintosh)


-------------

If you use Peafowl or Node-Peafowl for scientific purposes, please cite the following paper:

```"Deep Packet Inspection on Commodity Hardware using FastFlow", M. Danelutto, L. Deri, D. De Sensi, M. Torquati```

###### This Project is sponsored by [QXIP BV](http://qxip.net)

Commit message:

Peafowl 1.0 (#3)
* FIX: refactor of nodejs bindings after release new version 1.0 of Peafowl library

* FIX: typo

* FIX: datalink types in pcap.js (need to check the conversion for peafowl)

* FIX: typo ADD: function to convert L2 type in L2 peafowl type

* FIX: wrong convertion of protocol name. FIX: output of test

* fix travis test

* [FIX] Compilation.

* [IMP] No need to install peafowl anymore.
[IMP] Checking out specific peafowl tags instead of last master commit.

* Update .travis.yml

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* MOD: name

* FIX: write some function for 1:1 signature from node to C. (to finish)

* FIX: name change to avoid incompatible type in C

* IMPL: implementation of pkt dissection func from L2, L3, L4 in sync with C signature for a better and easy-to-use bind

* FIX: name in sync and added bindings

* add arm64 prebuilds

* ADD: added function convert_pcap_dlt to binding functions set

* ADD: added new binding functions FIX: Readme

* FIX: Readme

* ADD: new binding functions. FIX: fix deprecated nodejs function

* ADD: new binding function for proto ID

* ADD: main binding functions (also for fields extraction)

* ADD: new example (fix needed)

* bad commit

* FIX: restored working state DEL: dissection_info struct from js file example

* FIX: fix functions for fields extraction to make life better to nodejs user

* FIX: check return function

* ADD: function to check the presence of a field DEL: useless bind function get_pair

* FIX: returning argument for function _field_number_get

* get_header_value binding

* fix a whoopsie

* starting some tests

* Daniele's magic fix

* compact example w/ extraction DNS

* basic http_body test, limit 1

* add dynamic pcap reader

* add config

* resync

* extend test w/ multipcap

* ADD: rtp-rtcp pcap file

* ADD: rtcp DEL: rtp-rtcp

* multi examples

* resync test example

* update readmes

* up readme

README.md, after:



<img src="https://i.imgur.com/jrQX0Of.gif" width=250>

# node-Peafowl
Native Node Bindings for the [Peafowl DPI Library](https://github.com/DanieleDeSensi/Peafowl)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/libpeafowl/node-peafowl)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/libpeafowl/node-peafowl/issues)

## About
Peafowl is a flexible and extensible DPI framework which can be used to identify the application protocols carried by IP (IPv4 and IPv6) packets and to extract and process data and metadata carried by those protocols. This module allows NodeJS projects to leverage the power of Peafowl for Deep-Packet Inspection of live and recorded network traffic.

### Installation
```
var peaFowl = require('node-peafowl')
```

##### Custom Build
The install script will automatically attempt compiling peafowl and building node gyp bindings
```
npm install
```

#### Main Functions
| function  | parameters  |  description |
|---|---|---|
| _init_  | (void) |  Initialize the library for statefull env |
| _terminate_ | (void) | Teardown the library |
| _get_L7_protocol_name_ | (packet, header, link type) | Dissect and return Protocol name as char * (l7) |

#### Extraction Functions
| function  | parameters  |  description |
|---|---|---|
| field_add_L7()  | (string Buffer) |  Initialize extraction for the selected protocol field |
| field_present() | (string Buffer) | Check if an extraction is present in a processed packet |
| field_number_get | (string Buffer) | Return the extracted value as int * |
| field_string_get | (string Buffer) | Return the extracted value as char * |


### Usage
See our fully working [Example](https://github.com/lmangani/node-peafowl/tree/master/example) using PCAP files

### Test
You can test our example by running ```npm test```

### Todo
* Implement int64 response from library
* Add more test cases

<br/>
<br/>

### Credits & Acknowledgements

Peafowl has been mainly developed by [Daniele De Sensi](https://github.com/DanieleDeSensi)

Node-Peafowl is developed by [L. Mangani](https://github.com/lmangani), [M. Campus](https://github.com/kYroL01) using the awesome [NAPI-macros](https://github.com/mafintosh/napi-macros) by [Mathias Buus](https://github.com/mafintosh)


-------------

If you use Peafowl or Node-Peafowl for scientific purposes, please cite the following paper:

```"Deep Packet Inspection on Commodity Hardware using FastFlow", M. Danelutto, L. Deri, D. De Sensi, M. Torquati```

###### This Project is sponsored by [QXIP BV](http://qxip.net)
